fix(core): move `multipart/mixed` to end of accept headers (#3039)
urql-graphql/urql: .changeset/early-crabs-draw.md

---
'@urql/core': patch
---

> move `multipart/mixed` to the last `Accept` header to avoid breaking
> `react-native-fetch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move `multipart/mixed` to end of `Accept` header to avoid cauing Yoga to unnecessarily use it.
```
